Update readme with correct HC version number (#88)
holochain/holonix: README.md

## Including other versions of Holochain

By default the Holonix input references the `main` branch of the Holonix repository. Whatever the current revision of that branch at the moment of invoking the dev shell for the first time is will be written to the `flake.lock` file. The `main` branch uses version 0.5 of Holochain and compatible versions of scaffolding etc.

> If you want to develop using the 0.3 or 0.4 branch of Holochain instead, you can create the corresponding Nix flake running this command inside your project folder:

Reviewer: This is not accurate against the command below. It specifically gives you the ~~0.4~~ 0.3 version. I think until 0.4 is released we should keep recommending 0.3 here

Author: I don't quite understand -- you're saying the command below specifically gives you 0.4?

Author: ```suggestion
If you want to develop using the 0.3 (recommended) or 0.4 (RC) release series of Holochain instead, you can create the corresponding Nix flake by running this command inside your project folder, replacing `<ver>` with the correct version number:
```

Reviewer: The top part is correct, not the "0.3 or 0.4" part

```shell

> nix flake init -t github:holochain/holonix?ref=main-0.3

Author: ```suggestion
nix flake init -t github:holochain/holonix?ref=main-<ver>
```
